NMS-14619: Quick Start: Determine service availability (#5350)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/daemons/daemon-config-files/pollerd.adoc

| Restart Required

| poller-configuration.xml
| Contains service monitor configurations for service availability checks and global daemon configuration. +

> Restart is required in case new monitors are created or removed. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart is required when monitors are created or removed. +
```

> Reload event loads changed configuration parameters of existing monitors but will not load new monitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reload event loads changed configuration parameters of existing monitors, but will not load new monitors.
```

> | yes
> | yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Yes
| Yes
```

| response-graph.properties
| RRD graph definitions for service response time measurements from monitors.

> | no
> | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No
| No
```

Can reload with `uei.opennms.org/internal/schedOutagesChanged`.

> | yes
> | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Yes
| No
```

| pollerd.events.xml

> | Event definitions for pollerd.
> For example, nodeLostService, interfaceDown, or nodeDown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Event definitions for pollerd (for example, nodeLostService, interfaceDown, or nodeDown).
```

|
|

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
